feat(FDSE-3324): add directory and usage modular inputs (#48)
splunk/genesys_cloud_ta: docs/ConfigureOperationalInputs/index.md

**Description:** Operational inputs enable collection of:

- System Services Status,
- Audit Query,
- Operational Events (API usage event records),
- Organization API Usage (org-level usage aggregates),

> - OAuth Clients API Usage (per-OAuth-client usage aggregates).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Audit Query,
- Operational Events,
- Organization API Usage,
- OAuth Clients API Usage.
```

- [Configure an integration application in Genesys Cloud for the Genesys Cloud Add-on for Splunk](../ConfigureGenesysCloud/index.md)
- [Configure an account in the Genesys Cloud Add-on for Splunk](../ConfigureAccount/index.md)

> **OAuth scopes required (for usage inputs):** `usage:readonly`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```
Please move this information to the table at `docs/ConfigureGenesysCloud/index.md`. **ALL necessary permissions for ALL inputs MUST be added to that table following given format**

|Input name               |Corresponding field in Splunk Web | Description|
|-------------------------|----------------------------------|------------|
|`input_name`             |Input Name                        |A unique name for your input.|
|`account`                |Account Name                      |The Genesys Cloud account from which you want to gather data.|
|`index`                  |Index                             |The index in which the data should be stored. The default is <code>default</code>.|

> |`interval`               |Interval (seconds)                |Rerun the input after the defined value, in seconds. The default value is <code>300</code> for existing inputs, <code>86400</code> for usage inputs.|

Reviewer: ```suggestion
|`interval`               |Interval (seconds)                |Rerun the input after the defined value, in seconds. The default value is <code>300</code> or  <code>86400</code> depending on the input.|
```

|`max_poll_attempts`      |Max Poll Attempts                 |Maximum number of status checks (polls) performed for an audit query transaction before giving up. The default value is <code>10</code>, to be increased for long-running queries.|

> |`poll_interval_seconds`  |Poll Interval (seconds)           |Seconds to wait between each status check of the audit query `transaction_id`. Lower values give quicker response but perform more API calls; higher values reduce rate-limit pressure. The default value is <code>2</code>.|

Reviewer: Since you're using both `max_poll_attempts` and `poll_interval_seconds` in at least 2 out of 3 inputs, please use these values to configure it. Documentation above needs to be updated as well to reflect such change.

|`start_date`            |Start Date                        |Date from which start collecting data. The default value is 7 days ago. Format: `YYYY-MM-DD`.

> ## Usage Inputs Reference
> 
> | Input | API Endpoint | Sourcetype |
> |-------|-------------|------------|
> | `operational_events` | `POST /api/v2/usage/events/query` | `genesyscloud:operational:events` |
> | `org_api_usage` | `POST /api/v2/usage/aggregates/query/jobs` | `genesyscloud:operational:usage:api` |
> | `clients_api_usage` | `POST /api/v2/usage/client/{id}/aggregates/query/jobs` | `genesyscloud:operational:usage:clients_api` |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```
This is not aligned with other inputs documentation. To be removed.
